README.md, before:

# Fingerprint for wilton

Allow to create fingerprint image using Futronic FD80.
Converts FD80's bitmap image to png, using libpng12.

```
Usage: fingerprint_for_wilton [-h] [-f|--file=STRING] [-t|--timeout=INT] [-h|--help]
  -f, --file=STRING     Name of file to save image. By default: [image.png]
  -t, --timeout=INT     Timeout for fingerprint reading (ms). By default: [10000]
  -h, --help            Show this help message
```

## warning
1. Uses 32-bit library libScanAPI.

2. To use without "sudo" You should add special usb rule. By default FD80 connected in "root" goup under ubuntu, not "dialout".
Add file with rules to "/etc/udev/rules.d", for example:
"42-fingerprint-futronic.rules"
```
ATTR(manufacturer)=="Futronic Technology Company Ltd.", GROUP="dialout"
```

At real machine looks like:
```
/etc/udev/rules.d$ cat 42-fingerprint-futronic.rules
ATTR{manufacturer}=="Futronic Technology Company Ltd.", GROUP="dialout"
```

Now You may add user to dialout group to use fingerprint without sudo rights:
```
  sudo usermod -a -G dialout userName
```

of couse you can use group other than dialout.

### Work with reader based on:
https://github.com/erikssm/futronics-fingerprint-reader

Commit message:

master. Update Documentation. Added info about  needed 32-biit libraries

README.md, after:

# Fingerprint for wilton

Allow to create fingerprint image using Futronic FD80.
Converts FD80's bitmap image to png, using libpng12.

```
Usage: fingerprint_for_wilton [-h] [-f|--file=STRING] [-t|--timeout=INT] [-h|--help]
  -f, --file=STRING     Name of file to save image. By default: [image.png]
  -t, --timeout=INT     Timeout for fingerprint reading (ms). By default: [10000]
  -h, --help            Show this help message
```

## warning
1. Uses 32-bit library libScanAPI.

2. To use without "sudo" You should add special usb rule. By default FD80 connected in "root" goup under ubuntu, not "dialout".
Add file with rules to "/etc/udev/rules.d", for example:
"42-fingerprint-futronic.rules"
```
ATTR(manufacturer)=="Futronic Technology Company Ltd.", GROUP="dialout"
```

At real machine looks like:
```
/etc/udev/rules.d$ cat 42-fingerprint-futronic.rules
ATTR{manufacturer}=="Futronic Technology Company Ltd.", GROUP="dialout"
```

Now You may add user to dialout group to use fingerprint without sudo rights:
```
  sudo usermod -a -G dialout userName
```

of couse you can use group other than dialout.

3. On 64-bit system You need 32-bit libraries:
On Ubuntu 16.04:
```
Enable the i386 architecture (as root user):
dpkg --add-architecture i386
apt-get update
Install 32-bit libraries (as root user):
apt-get install libc6:i386 libstdc++6:i386 libpng12-dev:i386 libusb-1.0-4:i386
```

### Work with reader based on:
https://github.com/erikssm/futronics-fingerprint-reader
